What are you doing here?
Mr. Su doesn't know yet, right?
Liu Jin is my distant cousin
The reason why he can make a fake out of the real
Lied to Mr. Zhou and Young Master Su
It's all because I wrote it in secret
Did you do the paternity test for him?
Yes it's me
And all the content of you and Liujin Chart just now
I recorded it all
And set the timing to send
If anything happens to me and Liujin today
So these videos?
Will be on time
Appeared in the mailboxes of Mr. Zhou and the reporter
This is Liu Jing's qualification to negotiate conditions with you
You two are looking for death
I did the play.
Mr. Su is still satisfied
Now.
Can you listen to what terms I'm going to talk about?
Then you two talk first
I'll go first
Have to make a price
Although I have just entered the Su family
But what does it feel like to be rich?
Nice
So I want to stay in the Su family